[Alerting] Update docs to include new o11y features (#104884)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/production-considerations/task-manager-health-monitoring.asciidoc

The health API is best consumed by via the `/api/task_manager/_health` endpoint.

Additionally, there are two ways to consume these metrics:

> ==== Debug logging

Reviewer: This is a larger header size than what looks like it's parent header (`Consuming health stats`). Maybe reduce header size?

Author: Thanks for pointing that out! I actually tried to make it the next header level but the build process can't erroring out with: 

```
INFO:build_docs:asciidoctor: WARNING: user/production-considerations/task-manager-health-monitoring.asciidoc: line 62: section title out of sequence: expected level 3, got level 4
INFO:build_docs:asciidoctor: WARNING: user/production-considerations/task-manager-health-monitoring.asciidoc: line 78: section title out of sequence: expected level 3, got level 4

    at checkExecSyncError (child_process.js:643:11)
    at execFileSync (child_process.js:661:15)
```

Reviewer: Maybe just use bolding with asterisks? Looks like that's how it is on the troubleshooting page.

Author: Nice, that's a good idea!

Reviewer 2: You can also fix it by putting [float] above the heading.

[float]
==== Debug logging

Reviewer 2: This sentence needs to be finished:

Additionally, there are two ways to consume these metrics: debug logging and audit logging.

The metrics are logged in the {kib} `DEBUG` logger at a regular cadence.

> To enable Task Manager DEBUG logging in your {kib} instance, add the following to your `kibana.yml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Task Manager debug logging in your {kib} instance, add the following to your `kibana.yml`:
```

        level: debug
----

> These stats are logged based on the number of milliseconds set in your <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.poll_interval`>> setting, which means it could add substantial noise to your logs. Only enable this level of logging temporarily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These stats are logged based on the number of milliseconds set in your <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.poll_interval`>> setting, which could add substantial noise to your logs. Only enable this level of logging temporarily.
```

*Automatic logging*

> By default, the health API runs at a regular cadence, and each time it runs, it will attempt to self evaluate its performance. If this self evaluation yields a potential problem,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the health API runs at a regular cadence, and each time it runs, it attempts to evaluate its performance. If this self evaluation yields a potential problem,
```

> a message will log to the {kib} server log. In addition, the health API will look at how long tasks have waited to start (from when they were scheduled to start) and if this number exceeds a configurable threshold (<<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.warn_delayed_task_start_in_seconds`>>), the same message as above will log to the {kib} server log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a message will log to the {kib} server log. In addition, the health API will look at how long tasks have waited to start (from when they were scheduled to start). If this number exceeds a configurable threshold (<<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.warn_delayed_task_start_in_seconds`>>), the same message as above will log to the {kib} server log.
```

This message looks like:

[source,log]
----
Detected potential performance issue with Task Manager. Set 'xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.enabled: true' in your Kibana.yml to enable debug logging`
----

> If this message appears, it is recommended you set <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.enabled`>> to `true` in your `kibana.yml`. This will start logging the health metrics at either a `warn` or `error` log level, based on the detected severity of the potential problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this message appears, set <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.enabled`>> to `true` in your `kibana.yml`. This will start logging the health metrics at either a `warn` or `error` log level, depending on the detected severity of the potential problem.
```

> These stats are logged based the number of milliseconds set in your <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.poll_interval`>> setting, which means it could add substantial noise to your logs. Only enable this level of logging temporarily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These stats are logged based on the number of milliseconds set in your <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.poll_interval`>> setting, which means it could add substantial noise to your logs. Only enable this level of logging temporarily.
```

> ==== Automatic logging

Reviewer: This is a larger header size than what looks like it's parent header (`Consuming health stats`). Maybe reduce header size?

> By default, the health API runs at a regular cadence and each time it runs, it will attempt to self evaluate its performance. If this self evaluation yields a potential problem,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the health API runs at a regular cadence, and each time it runs, it will attempt to self evaluate its performance. If this self evaluation yields a potential problem,
```

> By default, the health API runs at a regular cadence and each time it runs, it will attempts to self evaluate its performance. If this self evaluation yields a potential problem,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the health API runs at a regular cadence and each time it runs, it will attempt to self evaluate its performance. If this self evaluation yields a potential problem,
```

> a message will log to the {kib} server log. In addition to this test, the health API will look at how long tasks have waited to start (from when they were scheduled to start) and if this number exceeds a configurable threshold (<<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.warn_delayed_task_start_in_seconds`>>), the same message as above will log to the {kib} server log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a message will log to the {kib} server log. In addition, the health API will look at how long tasks have waited to start (from when they were scheduled to start)f this number exceeds a configurable threshold (<<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.warn_delayed_task_start_in_seconds`>>), the same message as above will log to the {kib} server log.
```

This message looks like:

[source,log]
----
Detected potential performance issue with Task Manager. Set 'xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.enabled: true' in your Kibana.yml to enable debug logging`
----

> If this appears, it is recommended you set <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.enabled`>> to `true` in your `kibana.yml`. This will start logging the health metrics are at either a `warn` or `error` log level, based on the detected severity of the potential problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this message appears, it is recommended you set <<task-manager-settings,`xpack.task_manager.monitored_stats_health_verbose_log.enabled`>> to `true` in your `kibana.yml`. This will start logging the health metrics at either a `warn` or `error` log level, based on the detected severity of the potential problem.
```
